Add uuid v7 example (#242)
aws/pg_tle: examples/uuid_v7/README.md

## Uuid v7 example

This example demonstrates how users can create a Trusted Language Extension (TLE) with [PL/Rust](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust) to generate uuid v7.

This extension supports 3 operations:
1. Generate a v7 uuid for the current time
2. Generate a v7 uuid from a given timstamptz
3. Extract the timestamptz from a given v7 uuid

### Pre-requisites
---
- [PL/Rust 1.2.0](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust/tree/v1.2.0) and above

    To set up PL/Rust, refer to https://plrust.io/install-plrust.html

### Installation
---
To install the extension, run the `uuid_v7.sql` file in the desired database and install the extension.

```
postgres=# create extension uuid_v7;

> CREATE EXTENSION

Reviewer: CREATE EXTENSION should be part of the uuid_v7.sql script for simplicity and the user will expect everything to just be ready once they run the sql script.

```

To generate a v7 uuid
```
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7();
           generate_uuid_v7
--------------------------------------
 018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc
(1 row)
```

Newly generated v7 uuid is older than ones generated previously
```
postgres=# \set uuidv7 '018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc'
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7() > :'uuidv7';
 ?column?
----------
 t
(1 row)
```

To extract the timestamp from the v7 uuid
```
postgres=# SELECT uuid_v7_to_timestamptz('018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc');

>    uuid_v7_to_timestamptz

Reviewer: in line 29, can you do ```SELECT generate_uuid_v7(), now() as timestamp;``` so by the time the user reads down here, they can see the timestamp returned matches.

Author: The timestamp would not match exactly because of precision. Uuidv7 only needs up to millisecond but `now()` tracks up to microseconds.
```
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7(), now() as timestamp;
           generate_uuid_v7           |           timestamp
--------------------------------------+-------------------------------
 018bd546-3fef-7739-9d46-c7320a6291fc | 2023-11-15 18:17:12.814624-05
(1 row)

postgres=# SELECT uuid_v7_to_timestamptz('018bd546-3fef-7739-9d46-c7320a6291fc');
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz
----------------------------
 2023-11-15 18:17:12.815-05
(1 row)
```

But using [pg_uuidv7](https://github.com/fboulnois/pg_uuidv7) as a reference,
```sql
-- pg_uuidv7
postgres=# select now() as a, uuid_generate_v7() as b \gset
postgres=# select uuid_v7_to_timestamptz(:'b'), :'a';
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz   |           ?column?
----------------------------+-------------------------------
 2023-11-20 12:13:02.575-05 | 2023-11-20 12:13:02.574888-05
(1 row)
```

my example behaving in the same fashion. 
```sql
postgres=# select now() as a, generate_uuid_v7() as b \gset
postgres=# select uuid_v7_to_timestamptz(:'b'), :'a';
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz   |           ?column?
----------------------------+-------------------------------
 2023-11-20 12:44:34.314-05 | 2023-11-20 12:44:34.190486-05
(1 row)
```

## Uuid v7 example

This example demonstrates how users can create a Trusted Language Extension (TLE) with [PL/Rust](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust) to generate uuid v7.

This extension supports 3 operations:
1. Generate a v7 uuid for the current time
2. Generate a v7 uuid from a given timstamptz
3. Extract the timestamptz from a given v7 uuid

### Pre-requisites
---
- [PL/Rust 1.2.0](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust/tree/v1.2.0) and above

    To set up PL/Rust, refer to https://plrust.io/install-plrust.html

### Installation
---
To install the extension, run the `uuid_v7.sql` file in the desired database
e.g.

```sh
psql -d postgres -f uuid_v7.sql

> ```

Reviewer 2: Do we also want to show the code that's inside the extension by having the code in the documentation? That will simplify cutting and pasting.

Additionally, where can the reader find the `uuid_v7.sql` file?

> To generate a v7 uuid

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To generate a UUID using UUID v7, you can run the following command:
```

```sql
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7();
           generate_uuid_v7
--------------------------------------
 018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc
(1 row)
```

> Newly generated v7 uuid is older than ones generated previously

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can verify that a more recently generated UUID v7 used a newer timestamp than a previously generated UUID v7:
```

```sql
postgres=# \set uuidv7 '018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc'
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7() > :'uuidv7';
 ?column?
----------
 t
(1 row)
```

To extract the timestamp from the v7 uuid. Note that since UUID v7 uses millisecond level of precision, the returns timestamp 
```sql
postgres=# SELECT uuid_v7_to_timestamptz('018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc');
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz
----------------------------
 2023-11-10 15:29:26.776-05
(1 row)
```

> To generate a v7 uuid with a given timestamp

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The generate a UUID using UUID v7, you can run the following command:
```

```sql
postgres=# SELECT timestamptz_to_uuid_v7('2023-11-10 15:29:26.776-05');
        timestamptz_to_uuid_v7
--------------------------------------
 018bbaec-db78-7afa-b2e6-c328ae861711
(1 row)
```

> The extracted timestamp from the uuid is the same as the timestamp that was given to generate the uuid 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can verify that the timestamp that you used to generate the UUID v7 matches the one that you provided:
```

This extension supports 3 operations:
1. Generate a UUID v7 from the system time.
2. Generate a UUID v7 from a user-provided timestamp.
3. Extract a `timestamptz` from a UUID that's generated using the UUID v7 method.

### Prerequisites
---
- [PL/Rust 1.2.0](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust/tree/v1.2.0) and above

    To set up PL/Rust, refer to https://plrust.io/install-plrust.html

### Installation
---
To install the extension, run the `uuid_v7.sql` file in the desired database

```sh
psql -d postgres -f uuid_v7.sql
```

To generate a UUID using UUID v7, you can run the following command:
```sql
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7();
           generate_uuid_v7
--------------------------------------
 018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc
(1 row)
```

You can verify that a more recently generated UUID v7 used a newer timestamp than a previously generated UUID v7:
```sql
postgres=# \set uuidv7 '018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc'
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7() > :'uuidv7';
 ?column?
----------
 t
(1 row)
```

> To extract the timestamp from the v7 uuid. Note that since UUID v7 uses millisecond level of precision, the returns timestamp 

Reviewer 3: Incomplete sentence?

In this example, we'll show you how can you build a Trusted Language Extension (TLE) with [PL/Rust](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust) to generate a UUID using the UUID v7 method.

This extension supports 3 operations:
1. Generate a UUID v7 from the system time.
2. Generate a UUID v7 from a user-provided timestamp.
3. Extract a `timestamptz` from a UUID that's generated using the UUID v7 method.

### Prerequisites
---
- [PL/Rust 1.2.0](https://github.com/tcdi/plrust/tree/v1.2.0) and above

    To set up PL/Rust, refer to https://plrust.io/install-plrust.html

### Installation
---

> To install the extension, run the `uuid_v7.sql` file in the desired database

Reviewer 2: We should link to the file so the reader is able to find the code quickly.

```sh
psql -d postgres -f uuid_v7.sql
```

To generate a UUID using UUID v7, you can run the following command:
```sql

> postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7();

Reviewer 2: Remove the `postgres=#` from all of the examples. This makes it challening to copy and paste the code.

(1 row)
```

You can verify that a more recently generated UUID v7 used a newer timestamp than a previously generated UUID v7:
```sql
postgres=# \set uuidv7 '018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc'
postgres=# SELECT generate_uuid_v7() > :'uuidv7';
 ?column?
----------
 t
(1 row)
```

To extract the timestamp from the v7 uuid, you can run the following command:
```sql
-- Note that UUID v7 uses millisecond level of precision only.
postgres=# SELECT uuid_v7_to_timestamptz('018bbaec-db78-7d42-ab07-9b8055faa6cc');
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz
----------------------------
 2023-11-10 15:29:26.776-05
(1 row)
```

To generate a UUID using UUID v7, you can run the following command:
```sql
postgres=# SELECT timestamptz_to_uuid_v7('2023-11-10 15:29:26.776-05');
        timestamptz_to_uuid_v7
--------------------------------------
 018bbaec-db78-7afa-b2e6-c328ae861711
(1 row)
```

You can verify that the timestamp that you used to generate the UUID v7 matches the one that you provided:
```sql
postgres=# SELECT uuid_v7_to_timestamptz('018bbaec-db78-7afa-b2e6-c328ae861711');
   uuid_v7_to_timestamptz
----------------------------
 2023-11-10 15:29:26.776-05
(1 row)
```

> To uninstall the extension

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can uninstall the extension using the following commands:
```
